Create electricity import as a subclass of electricity producer with priceprofile (#488)
Multi-Energy-Systems-Optimization/mesido: CHANGELOG.md

## Added
- ESDL profile reading and writing for different types: influxdb and postgres, and inline (in ESDL file).

> - Import (a subclass of electricity source) is supported in Mesido.

Author: ```suggestion
- Import with an Electricity port is now supported as a subclass of electricity source and caters for electricity price profiles.
```

Reviewer: suggestion is placed into changlog.
